What do you think of it?
Why don't we walk over here for a second?
You going someplace right now?
Yeah, I have to go upstairs.
Okay.
But what do you think of the sale so far?
It's terrific.
You got a lot of the stuff for Bradley in the first place, didn't you?
Which items in particular do you recall that overhead?
I'll point that out the next time.
Okay, but the Poe stuff probably and the Hemingway stuff.
The Hemingway stuff is rather extraordinary.
The prices.
How do they get to these prices anyway, these estimates?
These estimates aren't even close.
No.
I'll talk to you later, sir.
I know you will.
Yeah, I'm going.
[Muffled speaking.]
So I remind you that the two years with the church said that he gave a tentative feeling of knowledge.
Hello?
I'll give the mail a little stuff now.
Well, you know how to send out one hundred forty-eight to get the number two thousand hundred forty-eight
And I have $4,000.
I have $4,000.
I have $4,500.
[Auctioneer speaking.]
12,000, 13,000 against the war, 14,000, 15,000 we have to be there, 16,000, 17,000, 18,000, 19,000 euros, 20,000, 21,000, 21,000 we have to be there, 22,000, 23,000, 24,000, 25,000.
Twenty-six thousand dollars up front.
[Auctioneer speaking.]
Twenty-six thousand fifty dollars.
Lord heaven earth two thousand one hundred and forty-one
8,000 dollars, 9,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 11,000 dollars,
11,000, 12,000, 13,000, 12,000, 12,000, 13,000, 14,000, 16,000, 17,000,
And instead of bringing out $17,000 now, it's $18,000, $19,000, $19,000 down the debtor towards the front.
As $19,000 came up, $20,000, $21,000, $22,000, $23,000, $24,000, $25,000.
Add $5,000 now, it's $6,000.
$26,000.
As $6,000 is up front, at $26,000 is not just $26,000 up front.
But $6,000 and at $1,000.
Not $2,142.
At $2,000 over $2,000 over $2,000 over $2,000 over
4550, that's 2550,
1,000 dollars, 1,000 dollars, 1,000 dollars, 1,000 dollars
$4,000 that is, that's right on my left, $4,000 is not to the $4,000 that was.
$1,000 is gone.
Not under $6,100 is gone.
9000.
$11,000, $15,000, $13,000, $14,000, $15,000, $15,000, $13,000, $18,000, $19,000, $20,000, $21,000.
That's $21,000.
That's up front, $21,000.
On my left, that's $21,000 for everyone.
$65, $21,000.
Large number is $1,145.
Add $1,500.
Add $2,500.
At 3,000, I'm like right now, it's a thousand dollars, but it's not since 3,000, 3,000 there was.
100.
Lord, young God, 3,000 wives before the kids.
And I have $2500 a bit.
Last number, 2,147.
Look at you.
And I have $400,000, $400,000, $450,000, $450,000, $800,000, $800,000
Mark 271 and 340 is 8.
And according to all, for this.
And I said it also was $200, $200, $200, $250, $250, $300, $350, $400, $450, $500, $550, $600, $650, $700, $750, $800, $850, $900, $950, $1,000.
On my right, $1,000, $1,000
$1,500 a hour, $1,500.
$1,500 a hour, $1,500 a hour
And now we know it.
We know it.
[Auctioneer speaking.]
8,500.
8,500 dollars.
At 8,500 dollars, 9,000.
9,500.
10,000.
11,000.
12,000.
12,000 dollars.
12,000 dollars in my life.
Good.
21.
Lot number 215-1.
And we'll go to this, we'll go to 300, 250, 400, 450, 500.
At five hudnred dollars, we have five, and it comes to the 500.
Five of dollars, now we have 550, 600, 650, 700, 750, 800, 850, 900, 950, 1000, 11, 12.
[Auctioneer speaking.]
Last in our prayers, Mr. David,
I have $1,000 to win.
$1,000 to win.
at fifty-five hundred levels that the earth was on my left.
That's when there is fifty-five.
Long three thousand one thousand people do it,
And I have $100,000.
$100,000.
$150,000.
Is the whale what we do?
Yeah, we love those on set.
Big one.
That's 90,000 dollars.
That's 90,000 dollars now.
Well done.
90,000 to 65.
Long number 2135.
And $5,000 in a list.
$5,000 in a list.
$20,000 in one thousand.
That's $1,000 in two, in three, in four, in five, in six.
$26,000 in one thousand.
That's $26,000 in one thousand.
That's $28,000 in one thousand.
in 1055.
Large number is 156, and for the dollars I mean it's 400, for the dollars I mean it's 400, for the dollars I mean it's 400, for 50, for 50 I mean it's 400, for 50, for 100, for 100
900, 950, 1000, 11, 12, 12, 13, 13, 14, 15, 15.
$50 now on the telephone.
$50 on the phone.
In Latin America it was 27, and I have even known for this, 800,000, 800,000, 900,000, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26.
We'll go off until we get to the letters.
It's a lot of 2166 coming up.
It's a Melville signature on there, which is by the estimate is $20,000.
Number 153.
At 10,000 on the list, at 11,000 on the list, at 12,000 on the list, at 14,000 on the list, at 15,000 on the list
at $15,000 now brings $15,000 now and at $15,000 when you come to $15,000 now it's on the center of that, at $15,000 then we're working out at $15,000 now, at $15,000 now.
Now at $2,167
It seems there is a question that I once had lost actually became.
It's as we go, but the relationship between age 11 are by an elder.
And I'll put two documents, one sign by now, but as we go through the description of it.
But as described, law 6,167,
And $50,000, we live for $50,000 now being $50,000.
That $50,000, $55,000, $60,000, it's all now being $50,000.
That $55,000, $70,000, $75,000, $80,000, $80,000, $80,000, $85,000, $90,000, $95,000, $100,000.
That $100,000 now being $100,000.
That $100,000 now being $110,000.
$120,000 $130,000 $130,000 $140,000 $150,000
Well, I think I was in 1968, when I was in New Orleans,
I have $30,000 on your list, and $30,000 on the name of $30,000.
I have $30,000 on the name of $30,000.
At $25,000 now means $45,000.
$47,500.
At $50,000 now.
$55,000 is $50,000.
At $60,000 now means $50,000.
At $50,000 is $55,000.
That's $70,000, $75,000, $80,000, $85,000, $90,000, $95,000, $100,000, $110,000, $120,000.
That's $120,000 on the right.
That's $120,000 on the south.
Halfway down, that's $120,000 on the right.
120,000 dollars to one money that you owe.
By 2169,
And $4,000, $4,000, $4,500, $5,500, $5,500, $7,000
at $7,000 to $7,500.
A lot of numbers are 155.
No, no, no, no.
At 13,000, at 13,000, at 13,000.
15, 17, 17,000, 18,000, 19,000, 20,000, 21,000, 22, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 32, 35, 37, 40,
$22,500.
That's $22,500.
$25,000 in the center.
That's $27,500.
That's $27,500 on the left.
$50,000.
$55,000 on the left.
That's $55,000 on the left.
That's $55,000 now.
It's on the left side of $55,000 the other way.
How can Mr. Paul stand alive?
Mark 2191 begins at the Temple of Imperial.
At $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front, $50,000 on the front
$110,000 now, $110,000 now being $110,000, $110,000, $115,000, $120,000, $125,000, $130,000 now being $135,000, $135,000 now being $135,000, $135,000, $140,000, $140,000, $140,000 now being $145,000.
At $145,000, $150,000 for Central Island.
At $150,000 for Central Island.
Long Mountain Grove, which do I like to do?
Long 22192.
That's $35,000.
That $40,000 is now being $40,000.
That $40,000 is now being $45,000.
That $45,000 is now being $50,000.
That $50,000 now means $55,000.
$55,000 is there any cost?
There are $55,000 bare wounds up here.
$55,100.
Mark number 2193.
At $20,000 you'll have $20,000 now means $20,000.
At $20,000 now means $20,000.
At $20,000 now means $20,000, $22,500.
At $22,500 now means $22,500.
At $30,000, it's right in here.
$30,000.
Is there any advice that the $30,000 is $2,500?
It's on the right now.
It's $5,000.
It's $7,500.
At $37,500 now being a $37,500.
At $37,500 on the right at $37,500.
to a prayer.
Lord, number 24,
$4,000 is now $4,000.
$4,000 is now $4,500.
$4,500 is now $5,000.
$5,000 is now $5,500.
$5,500 is $5,500 is $6,000.
$6,500 is now $6,500 is $7,500 is $8,000.
$8,500, $9,000, $9,000, $9,000, $9,500, $10,000, and $10,000 on my left, and $10,000, $10,000 is what he thought, so $10,000 is on my left, and $10,000.
All right.
Law number one,
$11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000 $11,000
A lot of times, a lot of numbers, a lot of times.
A lot of times
As $100,000 is listed, $100,000 now.
As $100,000 now be $100,000.
As $100,000 now be $100,000 now be $100,000.
As $117,000, $120,000.
As $130,000 now be $130,000.
at one hundred and thirty thousand dollars
Lot 22 and 3, and I found, so I said $100 on this, $800, $900, $1,000 now and $1,000, $1,200, now being $12,000, $1,200
Last number I can clear for, which is the purpose of advancing,
That's right.
$55,000.
14,000, 15,000, 16,000, 16,000, 18,000, 18,000, 18,000, 19,000, 20,000, 21,000, 22,000, 23,000, 24,000, 25,000, 26,000, 27,000, 28,000, 29,000, 30,000, 35,000, 37,500, 40,000, 46,500, 45,000.
At forty-five thousand dollars on my right at forty-five thousand, forty-seven thousand five hundred in Newfoundland.
At forty-seven thousand five hundred on my left here, at forty-seven thousand five hundred.
Forty-seven thousand five dollars on the left there, at forty-seven thousand five hundred there was.
Seventy-five, forty-seven thousand five hundred.
A large number of dollars, $250,780.
This is a very presentational copy of the reading to his... $20,000, $40,000 per age, $20,000 now.
At $20,000, now making $40,000.
At $40,000, now making $40,000.
At $40,000, now making $45,000.
At $45,000, now making $45,000.
At $50,000 now making $45,000.
At $50,000 now, $55,000, $60,000.
At $50,000 now being at $60,000.
At $60,000 is on my right.
At $60,000 is early advance of the $60,000 fair money now from the right.
At $60,000, $65,000 front row.
That's $65,000 now.
That's $65,000.
Front row.
That's $65,000 now.
$65,000 now.
And $50,000, well this is $15,000 now.
At $15,000, $15,000, $17,000, $18,000, $19,000, $20,000, $21,000, $22,000.
At $22,000, $22,000.
At $22,000, $24,000.
At $24,000, $24,000, $24,000 we go.
That's $34,000 now means $34,000.
That's $36,000 now.
$13,000.
$15,000.
$15,000 now.
I have $15,000, $16,000, $17,000, $18,000, $19,000.
I have $19,000 now for my life, $19,000, $20,000, $21,000.
I have $21,000 now for my life.
There was not a contemporary
in the 50s, 60s, and 70s.
How do you explain those extraordinary prices, then?
It's great.
It's the same way the extraordinary prices and impression as they are.
The simple supply and demand is economic.
Although the letters went low.
They went low.
Below estimates.
Some of the letters did.
I think they all did, except for the last one you just got.
Right.
I bought the hard one.
No, there's a good point.
I think it went under.
You know, there aren't 11, 12,
Would you tell me your name once again?
Joe Maddalena.
I think the lack of collection, you know, at that level, in the market, everybody clicks margin through, because you can still buy margin.
There's a million guys at Hemingway, there's a million guys at Jack London.
But the problem with Paul and Melville is the material is so rare.
Did you buy it for stock or for a client?
Have you sold it yet?
No.
I'm surprised it's heroin rolling up for a buck and a half.
It would have went last year.
We bought a post-tail and a half.
He might like to read my book.
It's a pretty famous book.
A while ago, in the morning.
I don't really think there is a dedication copy of Moby Dick.
He dedicated the book to him.
I think the one that Rosenbach has, it's just signed by Hawthorne.
Right.
Maybe someday there was one.
You never know.
It's not even a first print, either.
We bought this book.
and so in 1933 50 000 which which now we're talking about two one okay one of those things this is not a second edition they're wrong they don't know what you're talking about how long have you been in books
Do you ever sell this to people in LA?
We bought this.
Tell me what it is.
This is rarer than Tamerlane.
There are only five copies.
One in five is and we have it.
This is five times as rare as Tamerlane.
This is the rarest.
$800.
$700.
[Auctioneer speaking]
At 3250 on the Isle.
At 3250, 3500, 3750, 4000, 4250, 4500, 4750.
At 4750, Federal Isle.
At 4750 now, Federal Isle at 4750, fair warning.
107.
4750.
The last 2257.
And I have $1,000,000, $1,000,000
At $32.50, at $3,500.
$4,000.
I've got to start talking.
Okay, kitty corner is a woman in a black sweater with a red hat.
That's his wife.
I'll tell you this, here's the best collection.
I mean, nobody has a book collection with them.
It's why the hands get everything.
Everything.
And I have $200 for this, $200, $70 to $5,300 to $5,500 to $5,500 to $5,500 to $5,700 to $5,800 to $5,900 to $50,000 to $61.
He's been collecting since the 40s.
He says he's got everything.
It's on the West Coast.
I'm going to write the man.
I'm going to get something going.
$600.
$700.
$750.
$7.50 on the telephone and then it's $7.50.
Okay, $7.50.
Law, $2,000, $7.52.
And $200 will lose, a $200 company is $200, a $200 company is $200.
$250 on the right now, $250.
$250 at the cost of $250.
$250 comes, $300, $250.
$350 on my right side is $350.
One, two, one.
Now, somebody on the right side.
Now, $2,353.
And $50 with a list of $50 now, winning at $50.
$75 now, winning at $75, $100.
$100 in your notes and $100, $135.
And $155, $135.
On my left, there's one.
135, 149, lot number 2654, and whatever goes on this, whatever goes on...
This one has two chairs, two chunks out of it.
This is grubby.
This has, you know, actual enough part of that page.
So it's six and one half dozen.
They're both in all the Chamberlain's in front of the commission.
They're really rare books.
Have you handled any?
oh yeah we were going to get probably
you know
I don't have any cards.
I'm going to write you and send you some copies.
I'll explain in the letter.
I've got a hardcover deal with Random House.
I've got a wonderful title.
$3,000.
Who ruined that?
I'd like to just be a book collector.
Because we have a contemporary collector.
There's about a dozen years of sight contemporary collectors.
$1,500.
$1,750.
$4,250.
$4,500.
$4,750.
At $4,750 in the center of the room now.
At $4,750 in advance, there's a $4,750 there running.
$5,000.
$5,500.
The last number is $2,269.
And $600, $600, $700, $700, $700, and $800, standing at $800.
I'm not saying that now.
I'm waiting for Bill himself, who's having a pressure taken.
For the Baltimore Sun.
14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 2000, 2250, 2500, 2750.
This is the leaves of grass coming up next.
I'm going to wait for this one, then I'm going to go grab him.
This one right here.
227 hours.
I think it's the leaves of grass.
That's a thousand.
$15,000.
Sure.
At $15,000 now, being in the back, it's $15,000 now.
At $16,000, $17,000, $18,000 standing.
At $18,000, it's standing at $18,000.
At $18,000 now, being at $18,000.
At $18,000, standing in the back.
At $18,000, we will prove now $18,000.
$18,000.
204.
Quite briefly what I'm doing on my book.
So when I write you, I'm learning what I call a selected history of book collection.
I'm looking at the collection of reselectors, starting at the dissolution of the monastery, half of the book went, and then the breakup of the last five years.
And then came in and saved by Robert Patton and Erloposki.
And half of the book went on about a dozen really exciting contemporary collectors.
I'm doing Charlotte of Boston, Leonard D. Sebastian in New York.
So I'm doing some very, very interesting people.
and I would like to include you in my study.
It was a thesis.
I mean, the collector has the preserver, not just an accumulator.
The collector is responsible for the preservation of human achievement.
That's my quick pitch.
So I'll write you.
And I'd like to come out to LA probably in May or so.
I'm going to England in April to do some research in April.
Thank you so much.
Yeah.
How long have you been preparing for this book?
I've read a book review and I have a newspaper teller for 12 years.
So that's my day job, so to speak.
And my passion is collect books.
So what do you think of that material?
Oh, it's such a great idea.
It wasn't just one great item.
through letters.
The Americano was known as a highspot.
You heard of that phrase?
Highspots.
H-I-G-H-S-P-O-T.
He only had one Faulkner, right?
Which was his first book signed from Marble Point.
That's a highspot.
That's the first Faulkner to get.
Was that good or bad?
It doesn't have a reflect effect.
He did some very nice Henry Miriams.
He must have known him.
But he had two, if you look at your candle, I guess he, with the exception of a few others, you know, he had two, three, four, five, or six, but his pro-comotion was extraordinary.
Well, why?
Just because of it?
I suppose he loved it, you know.
Well, why was it extraordinary?
Well, first of all, there was only one of two tenaways in private events.
The other book that Joe showed you was even more serious than a tenaway.
I mean, he has absolutely the most American editorial to say, which is a whistleblower.
The National for the Finest, they don't know the Tamarine.
There isn't a Tamarine at Harvard University.
They don't know the Tamarine.
But also the depth.
That front of letters there was just extraordinary.
A letter to chickens, a letter to hot, I mean, you know, they're not just letters.
They are substantive letters.
That makes them much more
Two thousand two hundred and eighty-one let's catch the wind And $200 bill this is $200 happening at $200 250
I'd like to say copy.
I'd love to say copy.
And I'll say this is stuff that I've got to give you an idea about it.
Thank you all very much.
I will call it the end of the actual level.
So this will begin at N15 tomorrow morning.